[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ROBERT PHOENIX: Welcome
back to "The Eleventh House."
This is Robert
Phoenix, and today we
are going to revisit the
scene of the crime, the scene
of the crime for the 20th
and even 21st century.
And I'm talking about
the Babalon Working,
the magical occult operation
performed by Jack Parsons, L.
Ron Hubbard, and
Marjorie Cameron.
So in this episode,
we're going to be looking
at specifically the
Babalon Working itself,
but also what I would call
the hologrammatic cinematrix
and how this gets played out in
film, in television, and even
sports, especially as it
relates to Super Bowl XLVIII.
We're going to get into that
as we move through the show.
Today the sun is in Aquarius,
the moon is in Libra,
and I hope you have a
positive and harmonic
and balanced experience for
the next 30-plus minutes.
So let's just jump
right into this.
So here we go.
Let's just reintroduce
or characters,
Babalon Working part two.
Liber 49-- that
is the name, that
is the magical name of
the Babalon Working.
And it took place between
January, February, March, 1946,
a year before the death
of Alastair Crowley, who
was the spiritual mentor of
one Jack Parsons, the rocket
scientist, the mad genius of
Jet Propulsion Laboratories.
Marjorie Cameron
slash Betty, his wife.
And then, of course,
Captain L. Ron Hubbard.
Now if you missed the
first part of this,
Jack Parsons and
L. Ron Hubbard met
while they were in the Navy.
And L. Ron Hubbard was
Naval Intelligence.
He was told to watch Jack
Parsons because Jack Parsons
was an interesting
character involved
in some very
interesting activities.
And L. Ron Hubbard decided to
become more than just a spy
friend, so to speak.
He became an actual friend,
and occult apprentice,
in some ways.
But over the course
of their relationship,
Hubbard actually takes over
and becomes the alpha male
in this trinity.
And Marjorie Cameron
will, at the end of this,
leave Jack Parsons, go
with Ron Hubbard to Florida
from California, where Ron
Hubbard will buy a yacht
and will begin "Dianetics"
and then Scientology.
That's where it all starts.
And she's at the
ground floor with him.
So one of the things
that we talked
about in the first
episode of this
was the whole notion that what
Hubbard and Cameron and Parsons
were doing is they were invoking
what's called a moonlet,
or the spirit of the Goddess.
And what they were
really trying to do
is they were trying to bring the
Goddess into the 20th century,
because they were tired of the
male patriarchal dominating
culture.
And they wanted to reinsert
the energy of the Goddess
into the 20th century.
And I think they were probably
successful at doing this.
And as a result
of this, there is
a major infusion of imagery
in the 20th century, in film
and television, of the Scarlet
Woman, or the Lady in Red.
And in the first episode, we
looked at a number of examples,
from Marilyn Monroe to Christina
Hendricks in "Mad Men."
And I've got a few more
I wanted to add here.
This is Elizabeth
Ronson, and she
is appearing in the
new "Avengers" movie.
It's the followup
to the first one.
And I was just doing
a search online
because I wanted to
include Scarlet the Witch.
I wasn't aware of the
fact that she's actually
going to be in the movie.
And she's, I gotta tell
you, an incredible upgrade
from the Scarlet the Witch
that I knew as a kid.
So there she is in
all of her red glory,
and she's another manifestation.
She's a magical manifestation
of the Lady in Red,
who is the moonlet, who is
the spirit of Babalon-- known
as mystery, by the way, in
the Book of Revelations,
but also the, quote
unquote, "Whore of Babalon."
So I actually stumbled
across another website,
which is quite
interesting as well.
The person who downloaded this
information is Anton Parks.
Remember that name.
Go look it up on the internet.
You will be blown away.
And what you'll find there
is a very explicit and very
detail-oriented of
Earth's prehistory, that
gets into the planetary
wars, the planet
Marduk-- it'll blow your mind.
And one of the things that
I saw was a complete kind
of spiritual hierarchy
of what took place
on Earth, the seeding of Earth.
It's kind of in L.
Ron Hubbard territory,
to be honest with
you-- maybe Parks
should have started
his own religion.
But what I found was
the potential, sort
of the archetypal
and cosmic potential,
of what the spirits of the
moonlet, or the, quote unquote,
"Whore of Bablon"
might have been.
Now they were trying to
channel Babalon/Baby Lion,
this kind of hybrid
lioness goddess.
You'll see-- well, you saw
an image in the first show
about it.
Head of a woman, body of a
lion, just like the Sphinx.
That's what they were
attempting to channel.
But I think that there was an
energy even beyond that, even
beyond those physical
manifestations that
were used as statuary in
Egypt and throughout Europe.
So let's get into this.
I ask the question,
is she descended
from a race of beings
called the Kadistu?
Now Kadistu can be
spelled with a Q
as well, just like Qabala can be
spelled with a K and also a Q.
The Kadistu-- this is coming
from Anton Parks's site,
his material.
The Kadistu were
high-ranking priestesses.
Priestesses.
In Sumerian, they are called
the N-U-G-I-G, the nugig,
meaning non-evil.
Now because we live in a
dualistic universe, at least
on this planet, there is
another side of that story.
They're also sacred prostitutes
and live in the realm of Angel,
which is a fairly high
spiritual dimension, which
is where we get the
word angel from.
So they are non-evil but
also the image of evil,
because one of them,
Eve, was supposedly--
she was supposedly
Kadistu-- was initiated
into the principle
of evil and good due
to the sin of the flesh.
Now the Kadistu rarely
descend into human form,
and apparently Eve did that.
So she created this
duality as part
of not just being
here on this planet,
but also as being part of
the Kadistu experience.
So their goal,
ultimately, is to unify
the species of the
universe, to bring
the dual and the
non-dual together,
the evil and the non-evil,
or the non-evil and the evil
together at the same time.
So I think-- this
is just my take--
that this is what Parsons and
L. Ron Hubbard and Marjorie
Cameron were trying
to get at when
they were summoning the moonlet.
OK, here we go.
There's a new show
called "Believe,"
and it's being produced
by-- and directed,
I think-- but mostly produced
by the director of "Gravity."
His last name is Cuaron.
And this is a fairly
interesting series,
or at least the premise is.
There is a young woman who has
supernatural powers that she
can't really control
all the time.
Think "Fifth Element."
And she has to have
a guardian help
her get to wherever
she's going, go
through whatever trials
and tribulations and tests
that she'll go
through as being kind
of an untamed force of nature.
And that's the basic plot line.
And there are people,
of course, trying
to get her because she's
the ultimate weapon, right?
Now I noticed in the
preview for the series
that she was wearing a
red letterman's jacket.
So here we have, again,
kind of a younger
version of the Lady in Red.
But she also looks
very unisexual here.
She got a striped shirt
on and baggy jeans.
And the actress that plays this
young woman is Johnny Sequoyah.
And I thought that was a
really interesting name.
It's a very male name.
That's her name,
Johnny Sequoyah.
And on the series, on the show,
she plays a character named Bo.
So she plays a character
that has a male name
and she also has a male name.
So now we have this
image of unisexuality.
And if you go back into,
like, the image of Baphomet
that some of you might
be familiar with,
you will see a combination
of a man and a woman
and a goat, as well.
The image of
Baphomet has breasts
and it also has a
male appendage, right?
So what Baphomet represents
is the resolution of duality.
It is the consummation
of the male
and the female in one figure.
And so what we have here
with Johnny Sequoyah,
both with her birth name
and her character name,
is kind of a
combination of the two.
So she is actually
playing a role here,
where she is in the series
resolving some form of duality.
OK.
Now Bo is also synonymous
with the bow and the arrow.
And the bow and the arrow
is a very prominent symbol
for the Pluto in Sagittarius
generation-- Sagittarius,
of course, being the centaur.
And here we have
Katniss Everdeen,
who is the main character
of "The Hunger Games," who
uses the bow and
arrow to her advantage
and her effect to be able to
get through the Hunger Games
and lead a revolution.
So here we have
Bo again, and then
bow here for bow and
arrow, triggering--
and she's in the Pluto in
Sagittarius generation,
even though they'll probably
not watch this show.
But she's part of that
sort of cosmic demographic.
So that was interesting.
Wanted to share that with you.
OK, so let's move on
to the next slide.
This is part of the cinematrix.
This is "The Master."
And this is a film that stars
Joaquin Phoenix and Philip
Seymour Hoffman-- by the
way, Philip Seymour Hoffman's
last film was "The Hunger
Games: Catching Fire."
So there's a tie-in
there, as well.
And Amy Adams.
So we have Joaquin Phoenix,
Philip Seymour Hoffman,
Amy Adams.
Ostensibly, this is a film about
Jack Parsons, L. Ron Hubbard,
and Marjorie Cameron,
although it's not
quite scene for
scene and chapter
for chapter about their lives.
But they're characters that
are drawn on their lives,
especially the part
where they're in the Navy
and they bond and
they come together
and they have this kind of
crazy series of interactions
between the two of them.
Now Paul Thomas Anderson
is a former Scientologist.
List.
So he got into a little bit
of heat doing this movie.
But this is the framework
for "The Master."
It is Jack Parsons, L. Ron
Hubbard, and Marjorie Cameron.
Crowley's goal, who
was Parsons' teacher,
was to become the phoenix.
That was his goal, the phoenix.
And he had achieve his life's
work-- which he did not do.
It was called Operation Phoenix.
And he did not do that, so he
never really took that name on.
But as you'll see through these
slides in the presentation
and the rest of the
show, the name Phoenix
is actually quite prominent.
And one has to wonder
if the spirit of Crowley
is not really kind of moving
through this whole magical
operation, even though it's
a non-corporeal presence.
Keep in mind, this
is Joaquin Phoenix
playing the Jack
Parsons character.
So this takes us to Super Bowl
XLIX, which takes place where?
In Phoenix.
So Super Bowl XLIX in Phoenix.
The run-up for Super Bowl
XLIX was Super Bowl XLVIII.
On the eve of Super
Bowl XLVIII, who dies?
Philip Seymour Hoffman
as L. Ron Hubbard.
OK?
Keep that it mind.
Now what's really
interesting is is
that there was another
Phoenix that passed away.
It was not Joaquin
Phoenix, as Jack Parsons,
but it was his
brother, River Phoenix.
Now River Phoenix was a Virgo.
He was born zero degrees Virgo,
the most potent concentration--
the most pure concentration
of Virgo in some ways.
And he died on October
31, 1993, on Samhain,
which is, of course,
a pagan celebration.
It's usually on November 1.
We celebrate it here the 31st.
It's right in the
same time zone.
Phililp Seymour Hoffman died
on the 1st-- almost in the 2nd,
right around midnight--
of February 2014.
And he died on Imbolc, which
is another pagan holiday.
It's the start of the new year.
It's the pagan new year.
So both River Phoenix and
Philip Seymour Hoffman
die on these two pagan holidays,
these two pagan celebrations,
these dates of commemoration.
It's a pretty
interesting coincidence.
So now River Phoenix had
been shooting a movie
while he was at the Viper Club.
He wasn't shooting a
movie at the Viper Club.
It was during that time and
he had gone to the Viper Club
while the movie was being shot.
And it was being
shot here in Utah.
You can see kind of the
buttes of the Utah landscape
in the background.
The name of the movie
was called "Dark Blood."
And in that movie, he's
part of a love triangle, him
and Jonathan Pryce
and Judy Davis.
And it takes place
in the Southwest,
and he plays a
character called Boy.
That's his name, Boy.
And one of his hobbies is to
create kachina and voodoo dolls
and to put them in
a cave with candles
and all kinds of other
interesting atmospheric
additions.
And he actually performs
magical operations
on these kachina dolls
and these voodoo dolls.
And he brings Jonathan Pryce
and he brings Judy Davis down
into his world.
But what happens is that the
film turns quite violent,
and he winds up
dying in the movie,
just like he dies in
real life, and is engaged
in this very intense semi-occult
and semi-magical-- certainly
psychological-- love triangle.
Now what's really
interesting is is I
was doing some more
research on this film,
and just three days
ago, three days
before I'm standing
right here in front
of these cameras, the
director of that film,
George Sluizer,
who's in his 80s,
has decided to bring the
film out of the ashes.
"Out of the ashes."
That's the phraseology
that he used.
From the ashes of the phoenix,
the film's being resurrected
and is going to be shown at
a film festival in Edinburgh.
So now we have River Phoenix
literally rising from the ashes
just weeks after
Philip Seymour Hoffman
dies on Imbolc, the
brother of Joaquin Phoenix.
So if you are interested
in seeing his last film,
"Dark Blood," I am sure it will
be available here in the United
States at some point.
So let's get into
the Super Bowl.
This is where things
get kind of interesting.
Philip Seymour Hoffman, he died
33 days after the new year.
Now we've already
determined that he
died on Imbolc,
the pagan holiday.
Super Bowl XLVIII
equals the number 12.
It's the Hanged Man.
Remember that.
Remember Hanged Man.
The were four people
that were arrested
in the aftermath of Philip
Seymour Hoffman's death.
They found 60 bags of
heroin in the office
that they were shooting
the heroin at and in.
And one of the people that
was arrested, his name
is Robert Vineman and
he was a sax player,
and he played sax
with Amy Winehouse,
who also died of an overdose.
And there were three other
people there as well,
in connection with the 60 bags.
Now what's interesting is is
that Robert Vineland claims
that he is being scapegoated,
which is one of the phrases
and one of the terms
used for the Hanged Man.
So here we have the
scapegoat and the Hanged Man
surfacing again.
David Bar Katz, who was the
person who theoretically found
Philip Seymour Hoffman,
he has a father.
His father's name
is Harry Jay Katz.
Very interesting character.
You can look him up online.
You'll be surprised
what you find.
In 1995, Harry Jay Katz,
David Bar Katz's father--
remember, David Bar Katz found
Philip Seymour Hoffman dead
of a heroin overdose,
theoretically found him.
Harry Jay Katz found his
lover, Pamela Sheridan,
dead in his hot tub,
ODed on cocaine.
So now we have a father
who found his girlfriend
dead in his hot tub
with a drug overdose,
and we have a son who
found Philip Seymour
Hoffman dead on a drug overdose.
And what's really interesting
is Philip Seymour Hoffman died
in the West Village, just blocks
away from Sheridan Square.
Via his Twitter
account, David Bar Katz
speaks openly about his
fondness for Crowley
with actor, friend, and
fellow cultist Yul Vazquez.
I don't know if his Twitter
account is still open,
but it was.
It was called @DoAsThouWilt.
So now we have a Crowley layer
that's added into all this.
And this is just another
kind of interesting factoid.
Philip means "lover of horses."
Hoffman dies in the
Year of the Horse
by shooting heroin,
also known as horse.
So it's getting layered now.
We're starting to stack
things up a bit here.
Let's get into some more
Super Bowl anomalies.
This is part two.
Bruno Mars performed
at halftime,
and that is the
invocation of Mars.
That's what he did, was
an invocation of Mars.
He's a Libra, so we
have this combination
of Libra in Bruno
Mars and Mars itself.
And so what we
have, in some ways,
is kind of an iteration of the
alchemical marriage, the male
and the female, the
masculine and the feminine.
There is a player for
the Seattle Seahawks.
His name is Marshawn Lynch.
So we have Mars again
prominently displayed here.
His nickname-- the
Beast, of course.
Bruno Mars, his song,
"Locked Out of Heaven,"
is a paean to the fallen
angels who are locked out
of the angelic and
heavenly realms.
That's what it's about.
They can't get back to heaven.
So there are two things,
a couple things here
that really jump out.
First of all, if
look at Mars's set,
you can definitely see
some occult imagery.
Here we have the pyramid
in the background.
It's a pyramid of light.
They're getting very
sophisticated at these things
at halftime.
And then we have pyramids
that are pointed downward.
You can see them on
both sides of the stage.
They're pointed
downward, which means
they're pointed
towards the earth.
That's an invocation of
celestial or astral energy
and bringing it down
into the planet.
Here we see, again,
the pyramid imagery,
and this time the
pyramid is headed up.
So what's going on here
is that this is a portal.
Bruno Mars is opening a
portal with the pyramids,
with the magical symbols.
And again, you can see
the pyramid of light
in the background,
and everybody is
dressed in gold and performing
kind of a take on James Brown.
Seattle's fan base
is the 12th Man.
And again, what is the 12th
card in the Major Arcana?
It is the Hanged Man.
Represents Pisces, by the way.
And then 2014, the year
2014, if you add it up-- 20,
2 plus 14, that's 16.
What do you get?
You get the 16th card in
the deck, the Major Arcana,
the tower and the
imagery of Mars.
You can see the symbol
of Mars right down here.
And who's advocating all
this during halftime?
Bruno Mars.
The tower plays a very
large role in 2014,
because theoretically, again,
the One World Trade Tower
is supposed to be
consecrated this year.
So we have Mars energy all
throughout the year and Bruno
Mars setting it off
at the Super Bowl.
Mars energy, also
war energy, too.
All right, here's Super
Bowl anomalies part three.
There's more Mars.
It's the fall of Manning.
The fall of man, Peyton Manning.
Manning.
Aries again, Mars.
And you can look at him.
He looks absolutely sick here.
He looks like he
wants to throw up.
And nis number--
his uniform number
is 18, which is the
number of the moon.
So we have the feminine moon
overshadows masculine Mars,
because the number lives
on in Peyton Manning.
Well, his season's over.
He might even retire.
So what's also interesting,
in contrast to Peyton Manning,
is we have the fall
of Manning and we
have the rise of Russell Wilson,
in a very, very different kind
of pose.
Now, if you break
the name Wilson down,
you have the son of Will.
And then you have
L, the L, which
is the light, which is
also, by the way, Saturn.
Saturn is L. And
Russ, which is red.
So you have the Son of the
Will, the red son of the will
and Saturn.
Very fascinating.
And here, he's a
devout Christian.
You could go on his Twitter
account, @DangeRuss,
and he's always
quoting scripture.
But now he's
practicing TM, which
I thought was kind
of interesting.
And his number is 3 which is
the number of the Empress--
which is, of course,
the Goddess, right?
So we have with Russell
Wilson the number 3,
the invocation of the Goddess.
And he's rising and
Peyton Manning is falling.
Now another little interesting
wrinkle around all this stuff
is Babalon, the
Philadelphia Experiment,
and the Montauk Project.
Now Pete Carroll,
believe it or not,
shows up in a book by
Bob Frissell called
"Nothing In This Book Is True."
It's a very fascinating book.
I read it back in the '90s.
I actually met Bob.
And in that book,
he kind of goes
through his own awakening,
his own discovery.
And he hooks up with
Drunvalo Melchizedek
and learns about the Flower
of Life and talks about it.
And apparently,
according to Bob,
Drunvalo Melchizedek
introduces him to Pete Carroll.
And Pete Carroll, Drunvalo
said he met Duncan Cameron
through Pete Carroll,
who was at the time
a coach for the New York Jets.
Now Duncan Cameron is
one of the main players
of the Philadelphia Experiment
and the Montauk Project.
And who are we
talking about here?
We're also talking
about Marjorie Cameron.
If you get into the "Montauk
Chronicles," "Montauk
Revisited," and
"Synchronicity in Montauk,"
Peter Moon's really great
work on the whole Montauk
and Philadelphia
Experiment series,
you'll also find that the
name Wilson is quite prominent
as well throughout these books.
And who is the quarterback
for the Seattle Seahawks?
Russell Wilson.
So this is yet another series
of images and symbols and energy
all coming together as
part of perhaps some kind
of meta-ritual, some
kind of meta-ritual
within the holographic
matrix here.
Now, this is also another
fascinating image.
Before kickoff and
before the Denver Broncos
came out onto the field,
this horse and this woman
charged the field.
This is the horse.
This is the mascot of
the Denver Broncos,
and the name of the
horse is Thunder.
"Behold a pale horse."
We have a pale horse-- Year
of the Horse-- initiating
the Super Bowl whose
name is Thunder.
Thunder, of course, is also
Thor, the god of thunder.
Not associated with
Mars, by the way,
but planet Jupiter instead.
But nonetheless,
what takes down?
Let's just go back a few slides.
What takes down the tower?
Lighting and thunder.
So thunder is also
another prominent theme
being invoked at
Super Bowl XLVIII.
So I want to get into
a little astrology.
And I don't want to
make this too heavy
and I want to respect the fact
that Philip Seymour Hoffman has
passed away.
But I think it's kind of
interesting to at least look
at his chart.
And then I actually
have a chart where
it's around midnight of February
1 running into February 2,
and wanted to look at some
of the components here.
But one of the things that you
can see with the T-square--
because T-squares are always
really interesting to look at,
and they're not that uncommon.
A lot of people have
T-squares in their chart.
But one of the things that
Philip Seymour Hoffman would
have had a challenge
with is the square
between Neptune and the moon.
And whenever Neptune
comes into play,
we always have to
look at addiction.
And here it's in
the sixth house,
which is the house of work
and purpose and service.
Neptune, by the way, also
is one of the planets
that's associated with acting.
Some of the greatest
actors are Pisces,
and they're able to shift
their roles because they
have a very fluid
relationship with identity
in many instances.
But it's also related to, again,
addiction-- and especially
addiction as it is connected
to things like alcohol
and injectables like
heroin and morphine
and things of that nature.
So here we have Neptune
in the sixth house.
So Neptune ultimately
would be, theoretically,
his Achilles' heel.
Now what's going on with
Neptune is that at that time,
Saturn was right on Neptune.
So we had a Saturn moon
square, Saturn moon square,
which means he was going
through depression.
Any time you go through
a Saturn moon square,
if you have it in
your chart, there's
a chance you could be
a little depressed.
If you're going
through a Saturn moon
square in terms of transits,
you could have a temporary sense
of depression that you
have to get through.
That's kind of a
classic example.
So at that point in time,
Saturn was right on his Neptune.
It was hitting this addictive
piece in his sixth house
as it's related to his
work and his health.
And at the same time,
Saturn is squaring the moon.
Now his south node-- the true
node is over here in Taurus
at two degrees.
So it's at two degrees.
Now over here, the
true node is going
to be down around this area.
It's going to be right here.
It's also going to be in
his sixth house, which
is in Scorpio.
So the south node is down
here, and the south node
is considered the karmic node.
It is the Achilles'
heel of the chart.
You want to move away
from the south node.
You want to move towards the
true node or the north node.
For him, it's almost
in the 12th house,
which is the house of Pisces.
So again, he's moving
in a Piscean direction.
But with the true node
here in Taurus, the body,
it's like he's hanging on.
That's what it feels like.
Because the 11th
house is the house
of relationships, friends.
Relationship with friends
and associations and groups.
Probably would have been his
acting group, by the way,
Labyrinth, which he was
a part of with David Bar
Katz and his wife and Yul
Vazquez and some other people.
There it is, up
in the 11th house.
But here with the
true node, he's
trying to hang on
to the 11th house
without the true node
slipping down into the 12th,
into the obscurity of the 12th.
There's a lot of other
things going on here as well.
We have Neptune, transiting
Neptune and transiting Chiron.
Chiron is opposing
his Venus in Virgo.
And Chiron is up here in Pisces.
That's the 10th house.
That's the house of, in some
ways, fame, public standing,
what you're here to do.
So Chiron is transiting
through that house
and it's opposing Venus, which
is the house of relationships.
So theoretically, he should be
having healthy relationships
with Venus in Virgo.
But with Chiron
in Pisces up here
in the realm of
professional standing,
that Chiron is drawing him
away from those experiences,
from actually having-- he
should have stayed home.
That's Venus in the
fourth house, in Virgo.
He's a 29th-degree Cancer.
He's at the Anaretic Degree.
So he really wants to
go to Leo in some ways.
That's what the Anaretic
degree is about.
You want to get
to the next sign.
But he has lessons to be
learned from being a Cancer.
He can't really move on.
And part of his lesson
with that Cancer
is that he has to
nurture and care
not just for others, but
for himself, as well.
But because it's in the
third house-- that's
the House of Gemini--
it's about his thoughts.
And here we have a
sun squaring Mars
in the first agree of Scorpio.
And even though-- this is
kind of an out-of-sign square.
It's not common.
Because he has a sun
in a water sign and he
has his Mars in a water sign.
But they're squaring
each other based
on the angle and the degree.
And that could lead to
a lot of frustration
and a lot of kind of pent-up
and hidden energy and emotion.
But he has a very nice trine to
Neptune, which I think really
sort of typifies his
acting abilities.
And ultimately, though,
he's led by the moon.
He's led by the moon right
there on the midheaven.
And the moon, again, was
being squared by Saturn.
And we have an
Aquarius midheaven
and then we have Gemini
on the ascendant.
So one of the things
that he was was
that he could be two people.
There was the, kind of the
public Philip Seymour Hoffman,
who was functional,
and there was probably
the very private
Philip Seymour Hoffman,
who was dealing with
some real demons here.
Let's move on to the next slide.
This is-- I took the
time of his death
and I put it together
with his own chart.
And what I thought
was really fascinating
was the influence of
transiting Venus and transiting
Pluto in the eight house.
Now, the eighth house
is the house of Scorpio.
It's death, it's sex, it's
rebirth, it's compulsions,
it's obsession-- yes, it
can even be addiction.
And what do we have here?
We have transiting-- now he
had transiting Pluto going
through his eight house,
which is quite intense.
I mean, that is a journey
to the underworld,
and that's going to be
going on for quite a while.
You get through a
Pluto-in-eighth-house transit,
you come out the other side
and you have reached a certain
degree of shamanic mastery,
for lack of a better term.
This is a very
profound initiation
that he was going through.
And what's happening here
is that transiting Venus
was right there at that
time on his eighth house.
We have a Venus-Pluto
conjunction.
What is Venus?
It's relationships, right?
It's friends.
That's what it is.
It's in Capricorn.
And it's hidden.
It's taking place
in the eighth house.
It's behind the scenes.
And this is actually
a very kind of-- well,
it's kind of a deadly and a
dangerous conjunction taking
place.
Why?
Because it's opposing
his own natal
Mercury in the second house.
And transiting Jupiter is
right on that natal Mercury.
It's retrograde.
So what's happening here is
he can't trust his own voice.
He can't trust his own
ability to make decisions--
solid, sound decisions--
again in the house of Taurus.
Why?
Because he's being
pulled apart here.
He's being pulled apart by
influence, Venus and Pluto,
coming through the eighth house.
Now here is Jupiter
in Cancer retrograde
on top of his Mercury.
And Jupiter, theoretically,
would give him
a sense that
everything could be all
right, that he wasn't in danger.
But because it's retrograde,
he may not necessarily
be able to trust that.
And now what do we have here?
We've got Saturn in
square with these planets
in the 11th house.
Again, this is friends.
It's friends, the 11th house.
Aquarius, the house of friends.
So these planets-- Venus
is squaring his Saturn.
Pluto is squaring his Saturn.
And then we have
Uranus right on top
of his Saturn, which
is a very intense kind
of alchemical combination.
Uranus wants to
bring change and it
wants to bring change right now.
And Saturn is about
doing things the way
you've been doing them
for a very long time.
So he was conflicted.
I think that this
Uranus-Saturn conjunction
has to do with him being
ostensibly clean prior
to this moment and then
hitting this T-square vis-a-vis
elements in his
life that took him
into a very, very dark place.
And we have Saturn
here again-- we
talked about this already--
Saturn on his Neptune.
And then we have the
true node on top of Mars.
Very powerful.
Very profound chart for
this moment in time.
I will say this.
Had he gotten
through that night,
whatever was going on
there in that apartment--
I don't think he was
alone in that office.
He was not alone.
Had he gotten through this, he
would have passed a major node
in his own personal
evolution, development.
Not only in this lifetime, but
I'll even say past lifetimes,
as well.
All right, let's move on
to another slide here.
So the Babalon Working.
What has it done?
What has it brought us?
Now I'm about to say some
things that you may or may not
agree with.
And it's a Libra
Moon, so I'm going
to try to say them as
diplomatically as possible.
But one of the things that's
happened with the Babalon
Working as I see it is that it
has invoked the spirit of the,
quote unquote, "the
Whore of Babalon."
I know it's a loaded
term, but I'm sorry,
that's what we're talking
about here, the Great
Harlot, and Mystery, as
she's known in Revelation.
The goddess-- the Dark
Goddess by the way.
And she has come into
the 20th century,
perhaps thank you very much
to Jack, Ron, and Dorothy.
And as a result, we're living
with some very interesting
imagery.
And it's not just imagery.
It's impacting us on
a day-to-day basis.
Who is one of the most popular
women on the planet right now?
That one.
That's Miley Cyrus.
And have you ever
seen an image that
evokes Babalon
more than this one?
There she is.
She's in concert.
She's got her tongue out and she
is just lapping the money up.
I mean, this is it.
This is Babalon in a nutshell.
So this is an image
that we're dealing with,
but it goes beyond her.
It goes way beyond her.
So the goal of
Babalon Working was
to reintroduce the
Goddess via the moonlet
into the 20th century, to
usurp the bloodthirsty, greedy,
exploitative patriarchy.
If Hubbard, Parsons, and
Cameron were successful,
what was the net effect?
Well, here we have Miley Cyrus.
And then below, I
wanted to show you
some examples of what we're
doing to our young women.
The sexualization of young women
in our culture is aberrant.
And it's becoming acceptable.
It's becoming acceptable.
This is one of
the manifestations
of what I'm talking about.
Another manifestation
is taking the feminine,
the divine feminine,
and going in
the absolute opposite direction.
So here we have the prostitution
of the feminine energy
at a very young age.
And here we have
the glorification
of the martial energy, of
the feminine expression,
in our time.
This is Cris Cyborg.
She is an MMA fighter,
super intense.
So we're going
towards two extremes.
We're going towards the extreme
feminization at an early age
and the extreme
masculinization of the feminine
through MMA and the
army, and you know,
women have to do
everything as well as men.
That's what this
has manifested as.
And what's happening to men?
Well, first of all, men are
going in the other direction.
Here we have a boy band.
I think this is a
Korean boy band.
And it all started with Johnny
Depp and metrosexuality,
by the way.
And here we have a player
for New Mexico State.
Now one of the big things
is to get football players
to wear pink, and this is
through the Susan G. Komen
Foundation, a month out of
every year for breast cancer
awareness.
It's a month.
Players have to wear pink.
And it went from being
maybe for a week,
one game-- now it's
for an entire month.
And there are
people that believe
that this is part of
the demasculinization
of the male species.
So we have one energy which
is headed in this direction
and in this direction,
and we have another energy
that's headed in this direction.
And as an aside, Bruce Jenner
is getting a sex change.
I don't know if you've
seen that or not.
But he just had an
Adam's apple operation
and he's getting
hormone therapy.
So here we go.
Bruce Jenner, who was
at one point in time
a major figure and symbol for
masculinity and virility--
he won the Decathlon
in the Olympics.
In fact, I used to
train at the same YMCA
with Bruce Jenner in
Santa Clara, California.
And now what is he?
He's became demasculinized.
He lost his
masculinity literally,
I think, through the
connection with Kardashians,
and now he's becoming a woman.
And just as an
interesting side note,
Bruce Jenner's from Sandy Hook,
just in case you didn't know.
So there we go.
We've reached the end of this
strange tale of the Babalon
Working and the
energies that it's
left us with in the 20th and
21st century-- manifesting
perhaps in the occult and arcane
astral ritual of the Super
Bowl, the death of Phil Seymour
Hoffman, the death of River
Phoenix, through the
film and the cinematrix
of "The Master"
and other movies.
And also through the split of
the sexes in such a diverse way
that we, in some ways,
might have even lost
our way socially.
But it is the Libra Moon,
and you have an opportunity
to go right out from here,
from this point forward--
even if you're watching
this in Libra moon--
to create some balance
in your own life.
This is Robert Phoenix.
Join me next time again
on "The Eleventh House."
[MUSIC PLAYING]